


Privacy Policy and Cookies | Daily Mail Online














































































































 













 Home


 
 

U.K.



 News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest headlines


You mag


Event


Books


Mail Shop


Bingo


Blogs


Dating


Horoscopes


TV Listings


Property


Motoring


Stats



My Profile
Logout



Login










Feedback








DailyMail






 


Home
Top







 show ad






























Privacy policy & cookiesPlease note, this privacy policy applies to this website or our mobile applications (for example our iPhone, android and iPad apps) (a “Site”). If you do not accept this privacy policy and cookies notice, do not use this Site. Associated Newspapers Ltd is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust  plc group (‘DMGT’).  Members of the DMGT group may,use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information  held about you for the purposes set out below.   For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website.When you create or log in to an online account you agree to our privacy policy and cookie notice.  Information collected from your  use of this website or our mobile applications (for example, iPhone, android and iPad apps) will be processed in accordance with  this notice. Please see our cookies notice. Privacy noticeInformation we may hold about you Information you’ve provided to us, including our websitesInformation about products and services you’ve ordered or enquired aboutInformation provided by other companies who have obtained your permission to share information about you Information about your interaction with adverts and services such as registration, comments Information we collect using cookies stored on your device (for example, this may be a PC, phone or tablet) about your use of MailOnline and/or selected third party websites.  For more information on cookies and how to manage them, please see our cookies notice below. Your IP address, this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device and is required for your device to communicate with websitesTechnical information from your device relating to the service you receiveInformation relating to the location of the device you use to access our Site.Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it.Message boards, blogs and other public forumsPlease note, the Site makes message boards, blogs and other such user generated content facilities available to users of the Site and registered users can provide content for and participate in these facilities. Any information that is disclosed in these areas of our Site becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. For more information, please click on the Site's Terms and House Rules. Email a friend and share this article facilitiesPlease note, when you use these facilities and provide us with personal data (e.g. the name and email address) of a third party, please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details.Location-based and user specific servicesDelivery of certain content on the Site requires you to agree to the use of your location (for example to deliver content, advertising or services such as weather that need to be relevant to where you are) along with an anonymous device identifier to enable us to recognise your browser or mobile device and provide these services across subsequent visits to our Site.To enable the delivery of these services we will use(i) the latitude and longitude of your location and (ii) your Identifier for Advertisers (IFA) code for your iPhone, or the Android ID on Android or, place a unique cookie on the browser of your device when you first visit the Site , or a similar identifier as applicable (each a “Device Identifier”). See our Cookies notice for more information on the use of cookies and Device Identifiers on our Site.Your location will be determined either from a lookup of your public IP address (sent in the request for content to our servers) from a public GeoIP database (effectively giving us the location of your Internet Service Provider), or directly from the device depending on its capabilities and the permissions granted to access this information.If you consent, your location and Device Identifier will be used so that we can, together with our advertisers, provide content and advertising which is relevant to both you and your location (called “Personalised Advertising”). Please see Internet Based Advertising, Advertising Services below for further information.You can unsubscribe from these user and location based services or withdraw your consent to receiving Personalised Advertising at any time by setting the ‘Do Not Track’ preference in your browser. More information about how to do this is available by visiting our ‘controlling interest based advertising and other third party cookies’ page. You can also set the ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ property located in the settings screen of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or by resetting your Android ID through many of the apps that do this available in the Play Store.  You can also stop all information collection by uninstalling applications on your device. You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device.How we may use your informationBy using this Site, you agree that we may collect, hold, process and use your information (including personal information) for the purpose of providing you with the Site services and developing our business which shall include (without limitation):Verifying your identity (for example when you return to the Site) Personalising your visits to the Site and developing the design and style of the Site to improve the services provided to you Informing you about the latest changes to the Site, or products, services or promotional offers that you might find interesting Dealing with, and responding to you about, a comment you have submitted for or on our message boards, blogs and other such user generated content facilities Enabling you to share our content with others e.g. using our Email a friend and Share this article facilities Informing you if you have been successful in any Site competitions or promotions Compiling customer reviews Conducting market research Carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis According to your preferences, communicating (and personalising such communication) with you: To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen servicesTo send you direct marketing.  This may include communications by post, telephone or email or SMS about us and our business partners’ products and services, events and special offers, including where applicable, for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a reader of ours To provide you with personalised services, such as providing with you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising.  This includes where we have agreement to store information about you on the devices you use, for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to youTo provide you with location based services such as weather information based on your locationTo provide you with advertising more relevant to your interests and your online behaviour through the use of cookies when you visit our website(s)We may share your personal information with other companies within the DMGT group of companiesSubject to obtaining your consent, we may also supply personal information about you to third partiesWe may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.Updating your preferencesMarketingYou can opt out by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the direct marketing/newsletter emails from us.  Your can opt out of marketing text messages replying ‘STOP’. ‘Or you can use the contacting us’ details at the end of this privacy notice.Online behavioural advertising (OBA)If you do not want to receive online advertising where this advertising is relevant to your interests, or don’t want  information processed through the use of cookies, please see the section below on cookies.Interest based advertising Cookies used by  the A&N Media Advertising Network & Associated Newspapers.In order to fund our websites we run advertising on them – much of this advertising is run by the A&N Media Advertising Network. To make its advertising more relevant and effective, the network uses a range of technologies provided by third parties; many of which use cookies.Cookies are files that store small amounts of information on your computer or other device (for example, your mobile phone). None of the cookies that we use contain information such as your real name or address, so you cannot be identified personally by them. Some of the cookies used by our websites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf. Advertising servicesWe gather anonymous information such as on the types of pages visited, and keywords searched on in order to build an overall, but anonymous, picture of interests or preferences based on individual users browsing habits so that we can offer a more personal experience. To this information, we include information relating to a user’s country, region and connection type gathered from elements of the IP of the browsing device. This practice is a core method used by our group to make our online advertising more efficient for our advertisers and more relevant to consumers. With permission from our advertisers, we also collect information about their sites, for use on their advertising campaigns. This is often called Retargeting, or Remarketing, and involves showing ads to groups of users that have, for example, visited that client’s homepage.We will also gather information, still anonymously, on the users that reach an action page on an advertiser’s site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for a client, and therefore how effective our advertising is.In order to know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate, we use cookies when we show advertisements on a page. As well as our licensed ad servers, ads are also often served from third-party ad servers, such as those of media agencies, which all use cookies to track the same metrics as ours do.For more information about interest based advertising and how to turn this feature off, please see our cookies notice below. Ad verification technologyIn order to protect our advertisers’ brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called Ad Verification, and these technologies use cookies to count ads served, those blocked, clicked and engaged by a user (i.e. they have hovered over them with their cursor).For a list of cookies served to specific A&N Media websites and MailOnline, please see our cookies notice below.   For more information about other cookies, please see our privacy policy and cookies FAQs.Safeguards and SecurityNo data transmission over the internet can be entirely secure, so we do not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the Site. However, we use reasonable endeavours to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorised access or use by using encryption technology. In addition to these safeguards, your personal information is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998. This provides that the information which we hold about you should be processed fairly and lawfully, should be accurate, relevant and not excessive, not be retained for longer than is necessary and, if applicable, be kept up to date. For more information on the Data Protection Act 1998 and your related rights please see www.ico.gov.uk. Cookies noticeYou should be aware that when you use our websites, mobile sites, or mobile apps, we may collect information by using 'cookies'. If you'd like to learn how to manage these cookies and 'opt in' and 'out' of different types, please see our privacy policy and cookie FAQ. What are cookies and how do they work? Cookies are small bits of text that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you and can then tailor what you see on the screen.  What do you use cookies for? Cookies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites. There are many different uses for cookies, but they fall into four main groups: (i) Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for Some cookies are essential so you can move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you've asked for can't be provided. These cookies don't gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet. Here are some examples of essential cookies:Keeping you logged in during your visit; without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to.When you add something to the online shopping basket, cookies make sure it's still there when you get to the checkout.Some are session cookies which make it possible to navigate through the website smoothly. However these are automatically deleted after you close your web browser.(ii) Improving your browsing experience These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make, such as your language or region and they provide improved features. Here are a few examples of just some of the ways that cookies are used to improve your experience on our websites:Remembering your preferences and settings, including marketing preferences.Remembering if you've filled in a survey, so you're not asked to do it again.Remembering if you've been to the site before. If you are a first-time user, you might see different content to a regular user.Restricting the number of times you're shown a particular advertisment. This is sometimes called 'frequency capping'.Showing you information that's relevant to products of ours that you have.Enabling social media components, like Facebook or Twitter.Showing 'related article' links that are relevant to the page you're looking at.Remembering a location you've entered such as weather forecasts.(iii) AnalyticsWe like to keep track of what pages and links are popular and which ones don't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. It's also very useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate (find their way through) our sites and if they get 'error messages' from web pages. This group of cookies, often called 'analytics cookies' are used to gather this information. These cookies don't collect information that identifies you. The information collected is anonymous and is grouped with the information from everyone else’s cookies. We can then see the overall patterns of usage rather than any one person’s activity. Analytics cookies only record activity on the site you are on and they are only used to improve how a website works. Some of our websites and some of the emails you might get from us also contain small invisible images known as 'web beacons' or 'tracking pixels'. These are used to count the number of times the page or email has been viewed and allows us to measure the effectiveness of its marketing and emails. These web beacons are anonymous and don't contain or collect any information that identifies you. We also use 'affiliate' cookies. Some of our web pages will contain promotional links to other companies’ sites. If you follow one of these links and then register with or buy something from that other site, a cookie is sometimes used to tell that other site that you came from one of our sites. That other site may then pay us a small amount for the successful referral. This works using a cookie. Learn how to manage your analytics cookies.(iv) Showing advertising that is relevant to your interestsWe sell space on some of our sites to advertisers. The resulting adverts often contain cookies. The advertiser uses the browsing information collected from these cookies to: restrict the number of times you see the same ad (frequency capping); and help show other ads that are relevant to you while you're on our websites. This is often called online behavioural advertising (OBA). OBA is a way of using information about your web-browsing activity, collected by using cookies, to group you with other users into interest groups and show you advertisements based on those interests. The OBA data collected from cookies you get when you're on our sites is only used to show relevant ads on our sites, not on other websites.Sometimes our websites contain ads for our own MailOnline or Daily Mail products. These ads use cookies in the same way as described above. So how does OBA work? Let's look at an example. Imagine you visit a website about travel. That website shows an advert and with that advert you receive a cookie. Imagine you then visit one of our websites which has an advert from the same advertiser you saw on the travel site. The advertiser will give you a new version of the cookie you received on the travel site. The advertiser can then use that cookie to recognise that you've previously been to a travel site and show you a relevant ad. Although the OBA data collected uses your browsing activity to understand your interests, the data is anonymous and isn’t linked to you as a person. Even if you log in to our websites, the OBA data is still not linked to you. Neither we, nor the companies who show ads on our sites sell data collected from cookies to any other organisations. It’s easy to control interest based advertising and manage your cookies if you want to.  For more information, see our ‘controlling interest based advertising and other third party cookies’ page or visit or our privacy policy and cookie FAQs.Device IdentifiersA Device Identifier is a tool with an equivalent function to that of a cookie which is used to target and track the effectiveness of content and advertising delivered to users of our mobile applications.You can reset your Device Identifier at any time through the Advertising settings on your iPhone, or opt out of sending this information by setting the ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ option located in the on your iPhone.Contacting us and accessing your personal informationAny queries or comments about this privacy notice or if you wish to review or receive copies of the personal information we hold about you should be sent to info@mailonline.co.uk or write to us at:  Legal Department.Associated Newspapers Limited Northcliffe House 2 Derry Street London W8 5TTUnited Kingdom We may charge a small administration fee (not exceeding the maximum permitted by law) in relation to fulfilling a request for access to personal information.





Share or comment on this article









































Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.









Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:






















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail







 
 
DON'T MISS







          'I used to be 90lbs... yes, I gained weight': Jenna Jameson shows off her fuller figure as she enters the Celebrity Big Brother house
          
          Curvy ex-porn star
        








          The honeymoon never stops! Holiday-ready Michelle Keegan shows off her tan as she hits the pool in Ibiza with ripped new husband Mark Wright 
          









          Oh mama! Kris Jenner, 59, gives her daughters a run for their money as she showcases incredible bikini body in a sexy black two-piece 
          
          And she's had SIX kids!
        








          FIRST LOOK: X Factor 2015 kicks off with a twerking grandmother and Olly Murs' former bandmate... but it's an Essex receptionist who steals the judges' hearts
          









          Fun in the sun! Little Mermaid North West giggles with glee as she splashes in the sea with Penelope on family trip to St Barts
          
          Close cousins
        













          Are these the most delicious sticky ribs EVER? Celebrity chef Ed Baines puts M&S's barbecue range to the ultimate taste test  
          
SPONSORED









          Nice milk bottles! Pregnant Kim Kardashian shares close-up of her chest with suggestive emojis
          
          Kim posts a witty tweet for her many followers
        








          Jazz hands at the ready! Kirsty Gallacher and Peter Andre slip into sequins in first look at the glittering Strictly Come Dancing celebrity line-up
          









          So who's made the most dough from Bake Off? It's not who you think (even though Paul and Mary have cooked up fortunes that will make you simmer with envy)
          









          EastEnders shines - but tragically on the darkest night for one of its best characters, by JIM SHELLEY
          
          It wasn't a good week for Shabnam, seven months pregnant
        











          Jodie Marsh reveals she had a SECOND wedding dress as she explains why she kept her wedding secret and stayed celibate until after the nuptials
          









          Tila Tequila 'kicked off Big Brother after praising Hitler on Facebook and posting a picture wearing Nazi gear in front of Auschwitz'
          
          Slammed for her views
        








          'No sex tape for us!' CBB's clean couple Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello rule out 'nookie' as they pick a double bed beneath a picture of themselves
          









          Thigh's the limit! Braless Kendall Jenner shows off toned pins in daring mini dress as she leaves a recording studio
          
          19-year-old bared some skin after KUWTK taping
        








          The blues in Beverly Hills! Kim Kardashian looks glum while wearing revealing beige catsuit after explaining why she no longer smiles in photos
          









          Diet secrets revealed! Kourtney Kardashian 'eats only organic, gluten-free food and is doing massive portion control' as she slims down post Disick split
          
          She's sure dedicated
        








          Just another day in paradise! Pregnant Kim Kardashian displays her beautiful baby bump in a bronze string bikini as she snaps selfies on the beach in St Barts 
          









          The infatuation game: Keira Knightley and husband James Righton look loved up as they walk hand-in-hand in NYC
          
          New parents put on an affectionate display
        








          Eligible bachelor James Hill makes a beeline for former porn actress Jenna Jameson as housemates share flirtatious exchange on Celebrity Big Brother 
          









          'I don't want to be involved in conflict': Fragile Gail Porter fears confrontation with her Celebrity Big Brother housemates... as the stars spark early arguments
          












          Rule Britannia! Feisty Janice Dickinson enters Celebrity Big Brother... but she and the other stars will be under 'Prime Minister' Bobby Davro's leadership 
          
          Went head to head
        








          Time to face the music! Kristina Rihanoff leads the glamour as the Strictly contestants rehearse for first group dance
          
          Lady in red gilet
        








          'I'm not gorgeous. I never was': Helen Mirren shares her secrets to body confidence as she talks turning 70 
          
          The screen stunner has two films coming up
        








          EXCLUSIVE: 'Now that I've lost all that weight, I'm being hit on... by old men': Sophie Simmons discusses new attention as she promotes single
          
          Daughter of rocker Gene Simmons 
        








          Sweet thing! Rihanna blows bubbles as she models off-the-shoulder top and diamond choker during flirty photo shoot
          
          Photo shoot in Hollywood
        








          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pippa Middleton shows off her killer abs while paddleboarding in St. Barts (and brother James is there too)
          
          Kate's sis is super toned
        








          On your bike! Dermot O'Leary is full of cheer as he hops onto his motorbike... the day before The X Factor returns
          
          Feeling Triumph-ant 
        








          REVEALED: Sandra Bullock, 51, is 'dating' photographer Bryan Randall... five years after divorcing Jesse James
          
          James cheated on her with Michelle McGee
        








          In his 37th calendar, it's Cannonball Cliff! pop legend strikes a typically age-defying pose perched on a cannon
          
          Wearing a patriotic Union Jack T-shirt
        








          Divorce is taking its toll on Ben Affleck as he steps out sporting a fuller physique (and the ring is still off)
          
          Formerly buff Batman star has been indulging 
        








          A crush on David Baddiel, that weird Mohican and why friends are worried for Dale Winton 
          
          TV star has love of fast cars and rap music
        








          Not letting the cat out of the bag: Ed Sheeran keeps fans guessing as he conceals 'lion chest tattoo' in a collared shirt at Fusion Festival 
          
          Didn't give anything away
        








          Work hard, play harder! Paris Hilton changes from glamour puss to party girl as she does Ibiza to Poland and back in a day 
          
          Looked spectacular 
        








          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Jodie Kidd's brother says Top Gear is 'poisoned chalice'
          
          Foot-in-mouth-prone Jack contradicted former supermodel's comments
        








          'Best two weeks in New York with this beautiful soul': Jodhi Meares drops another hint at new romance as she shares snap with hunky male pal
          









          Gender agenda: Tara Moss is almost unrecognisable in androgynous new photo shoot as she sports a bushy moustache and fake tear tattoo
          









          Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter Scout, 24, launches her own fashion line - just months after hitting the headlines for walking around New York City TOPLESS 
          









          She never goes out of style! Model reveals how much Taylor Swift has changed over the past decade by transforming herself into six different versions of the star 
          









          Back on: Emma Roberts and Evan Peters have reconciled after breaking off engagement in June
          
          Are they an item again?
        








          Secretarial sass! Reese Witherspoon is office fashion savvy making visit to her business premises with daughter Ava
          
          Work meets family in Brentwood, LA
        








          Farrah Abraham and Natasha Hamilton come to blows during the first few hours of CBB... as Teen Mom star threatens to HIT and SPIT on her housemates
          









          Jasmin Walia parades her impressively taut tummy in a striped bikini as she soaks up the sun in Ibiza
          
          Ex-TOWIE star looked every inch a beach babe
        








          Make-up free Beyonce legs her way through paradise in playful snaps from tropical getaway
          
          Singer posed up a storm in filtered snaps
        








          Paris Hilton goes high fashion in strapless lace dress on stylish outing in Poland
          
          She was at the Ptak Fashion Center in Rzgow ahead of a DJ set
        








          'Love these pigtail buns!' Heidi Klum strikes a pose in flashback photo channelling Princess Leia with sci-fi inspired hairdo
          
          Feel the Fashion Force
        








          'Calling the kettle black': Chris Brown hits back at baby mamma Nia Guzman as police hunt for her 'fraudster' ex-boyfriend King Ba
          









          Class is out! The Walking Dead sneak peek brings the zombie threat to a deserted high school
          
          Abandoned high schools can indeed be creepy
        








          Newlyweds Declan Donnelly and Ali Astall enjoy a leisurely stroll as they re-adjust to London life after their honeymoon and star-studded nuptials
          









          Trés chic! Diane Kruger oozes Parisian style in beret with sheer patterned maxi dress while out in New York
          
          Back from holiday with beau Joshua Jackson
        








          She could use a slice of American Pie! Tara Reid looks painfully thin as she holds hands with a friend while leaving West Hollywood hot spot
          
          Little but skin and bone
        








          Actress turned equestrian! Mary-Kate Olsen holds hands with Olivier Sarkozy at Hamptons Classics before competing in the show
          









          From man to monster: Before and after photos reveal the incredible transformation of cosplayers into mythical beasts and mighty superheroes
          









          Off-duty Lily Allen looks trim in striped jeans and a bright T-shirt as she debuts her candy floss tinted locks on coffee run
          
          She kept things casual
        








          'I'm tired of this!' Karrueche Tran hits back at Chris Brown after a member of his crew threatened R&B singer Marques Houston for commenting on one of her Instagram snaps
          









          Cristiano Ronaldo's rumoured love interest Alessia Tedeschi shows off toned bikini body on holiday in Formentera
          
          The Italian actress has been linked to footballer
        








          Trying to upstage the bride? Maci Bookout dons racy mini skirt just three months after giving birth while attending Teen Mom co-star Catelynn's wedding
          









          Helena Bonham Carter looks characteristically kooky in a multi-layer skirt and chunky-heeled shoes on shopping trip
          
          Ever-eccentric actress out and about in London
        








          EXCLUSIVE: 'Everything's fine,' says Rosie O'Donnell's adopted daughter as she starts new life after 18th birthday with her birth mum, who says: 'She is NOT mentally ill'
          









          Caitlyn Jenner 'to be sued for $18.5 million by victims of car crash'... as criminal charges 'are not likely'
          
          Passengers in the collision will make claim
        








          Kylie Jenner takes inspiration from Beetlejuice as she shows off her toned abs in a crop top and zany striped trousers
          
          Would Kim wear those?
        








          A trip back to the '60s! Hills vet Audrina Patridge looks boho chic in paisley dress and round sunglasses as she shops in LA
          
          1st Look host showed off her fashion credentials
        








          'We never stopped hoping': Charles Kelley of Lady Antebellum and his wife Cassie reveal they are expecting a boy as they talk about long fertility struggle
          









          Meet the family! Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene pose with little twins Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella and local dancers before enjoying a Monaco picnic 
          









          She just doesn't age! Brooke Shields, 50, glows in fitted jumpsuit and motorcycle jacket at opening night of NYC play Whorl Inside A Loop
          
          She's still a Pretty Baby
        








          Cami Li turns to an old friend for support as ex-fiance Kirk Norcross announces he is expecting a baby
          
          The 28-year-old model joined Chloe Goodman
        








          Tila Tequila claims British boys can't handle her as she strips down to her pants in the Celebrity Big Brother house
          
          She's an old pro at this!
        








          EXCLUSIVE: Amy Schumer says although she's rich she lives in a humble one-bedroom walk-up flat with a fold-down bed. Well, not exactly...
          









          Hot white now! Rita Ora displays her toned torso in skintight crop top and mini skirt as she heads out for dinner in LA
          
          There's no missing her!
        








          Jamelia and Kirsty Gallacher get their fancy footwork in step as Strictly Come Dancing rehearsals get underway
          
          Ready to rumba!
        








          Casey Batchelor shows off her ample bust and pert posterior in racy pink lingerie as she shoots raunchy calendar outdoors
          
          Looking peachy
        








          Kimberley Garner ties up her top to reveal her taut stomach as she visits local pet shop in skinny blue jeans and sunglasses
          
          Shopping for her puppy
        








          Things are hotting up! James Middleton gets hands-on with girlfriend Donna Air on luxury family Caribbean break  
          
          Been quietly dating for over two years
        








          Bikini model Myleene Klass reveals she is 'doing her bit to put an end to the over-sexualisation of children'
          
          Wants to protect her kids
        








          Travelling in style! Gwyneth Paltrow leaves Hamptons vacation with children Moses and Apple by helicopter
          
          Nearly time for the kids to go back to school
        








          Single life not so great after all? Bleary-eyed Zayn Malik looks miserable as he leaves club alone
          
          Stumbled out of a Hollywood club
        








          Jodie Marsh explains why she kept her wedding a secret as she reveals she stayed celibate until after the nuptials
          
          Eloped to Barbados
        








          'He wanted me as naked as possible': Miley Cyrus calls out Robin Thicke saying he DID know she was going to do racy twerking at 2013 MTV VMAs
          









          'Love my cousins!': Danielle Lloyd shows off her enviable beach body as she holidays with family in Ibiza 
          
          Yet ANOTHER holiday for the ex-WAG
        








          'It's good to be back': Justin Bieber plants big kiss on Ellen DeGeneres as he drops his new single What Do You Mean?
          
          Has been trending
        








          'I'd be his Vice President in a heartbeat!' Charlie Sheen wants to be Donald Trump's running mate
          
          Gruesome twosome!
        








          She's no Pussycat! Nicole Scherzinger puts on a VERY busty display in plunging leather bralet and animal-print jacket as she hits the town
          
          Loving the single life
        








          Sorry Nobu - Pizza Express is Tamara Ecclestone's favourite restaurant: Formula 1 heiress says restaurant chain is 'great' for family suppers
          









          EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp launched an investigation into Hollywood 'Peeping Tom' who may have targeted Amber Heard and Scarlett Johansson
          









          Victoria Beckham channels her inner Sporty Spice as she heads for another SoulCycle session with son Romeo, 12
          
          Mother and son workout
        








          JIM SHELLEY: Modern-day freak-show or the new Olympics? 20 moments that proved Celebrity Big Brother 16 was classic car-crash television
          









          Tamara Beckwith, 45, flaunts her beach body in hotpants and tunic top as she holidays with husband Giorgio Veroni
          
          Escaped to Italy for the summer
        








          Happy to share the big news? 'Newly engaged' Kirsten Dunst shares a laugh with a gal pal as she lunches in LA
          
          Rumoured to be wedding Garrett Hedlund
        








          Lindsay Lohan shows off her slender legs in tiny sun dress as she parties with friends in Portofino... days after claims she was 'slipped drugs' at wedding
          









          What's brewing? The Bachelor's Zilda Williams pours beer over her natural DD bust and is poised to 'motorboat' a cowboy in ad with 24 million hits
          









          Amber Heard keeps it casual in a white tee and mom jeans as she treats Johnny Depp's son Jack to a day at Disneyland
          
          Fun with the stepkids
        








          Keeping up with Kim! Amber Rose copies Kardashian's pink latex dress to launch her new eyewear range
          
          A fashion dig at her former love rival?
        








          The partying must go on! Rumer Willis hits nightclub in see-through top even though she's still healing from injury that delayed her Broadway debut
          









          FIRST PICTURE: Lucy Liu, 46, introduces her new baby boy Rockwell Lloyd born via gestational surrogate
          
          Can now add proud mother to list of credits
        








          Jessica Biel shows off her incredible post-baby body in sheer blouse and culottes during rare outing with brother Justin
          
          Baby at home with dad?
        








          Mariah Carey puts on a busty display in pretty maxi dress as she takes a romantic stroll with boyfriend James Packer in Capri
          
          Growing closer
        








          Michael Fassbender is armed and hooded in mysterious first image from upcoming Assassin's Creed film
          
          He looks positively chilling in the cloak
        








          Donald Trump called Miley Cyrus to say he 'loved' her racy twerking performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards
          
          Controversial act
        








          Is Gail Porter REALLY fit to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house? Troubled star joins porn actress, Loose Woman and two X Factor losers on controversial show
          









          A Hollywood actor, two porn stars, a pop princess and talent show rejects: Meet the 12 Housemates set to cause havoc on CBB UK vs USA 
          









          'I've had body dysmorphia my whole life': TLC's Stacy London, 46, talks about her body image issues while revealing she has psoriasis
          









          Where would you put a 40ft long flying pig? Pink Floyd to rehome iconic inflatable animal which was mistakenly up for auction 
          
          It really did fly off!
        








          Jennifer Lawrence kisses her girl crush Amy Schumer's bare feet before dancing atop Billy Joel's piano during live concert
          
          On stage in Chicago
        








          Make-up free Kelly Brook shuns her usual glamorous style for frumpy fringed cardigan as she enjoys antique shopping spree
          
          At home in Kent
        








          Victoria Silvstedt, 40, puts on a VERY bold display in canary yellow bikini as she holidays along the South of France
          
          Life is one long holiday
        








          One Direction take to the stage in Cleveland for an energetic gig... as boss Simon Cowell admits he's unsure if 'exhausted' band will reunite after hiatus
          









          'I'm pansexual': Miley Cyrus reveals she is attracted to 'all' and says she's not serious with model Stella Maxwell
          
          Former Disney star is 'very open' about it
        








          The wedding singer: Ed Sheeran to perform at Courteney Cox and Johnny McDaid's wedding after introducing the couple to each other
          









          Make-up free Halle Berry tucks into a slice of pizza on fun-filled day out at Disneyland with her children Nahla and Maceo
          
          Got a good appetite
        








          Paris Hilton and boyfriend Thomas Gross are perfectly coordinated in matching blue and white outfits as they walk hand-in-hand in Ibiza
          









          What a frill! Tamara Ecclestone puts on a leggy display in pink mini dress as she heads out with husband Jay Rutland and daughter Sophia
          









          They grow up so fast! Helen Flanagan cradles baby Matilda in her arms as she poses topless in sweet throwback snap
          
          Remembering Matilda's early days
        








          'I'm excited to have a new brother': Dancing With The Stars pro Derek Hough approves of sister Julianne's hockey player fiancé Brooks Laich
          









          Hilarious moment BBC's Matt Baker is covered in HICKIES after a huge octopus suckered his arm and refused to let go
          
          Filming in California
        








          Has Harry Styles sunk SeaWorld? After One Direction heart-throb urges fans to boycott aquatic park it sees 400% spike in negative online comments
          









          So how DOES a retired Olympian stay in shape? Victoria Pendleton reveals the secrets of her toned physique (and they definitely aren't for the faint-hearted)
          









          Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 17, puts on a confident display in bold fitted dress after revealing breast reduction
          
          Partied in Hollywood
        








          Khloe Kardashian wears revealing dress with thigh-high split for beau James Harden's yacht party... but needs a little help while stumbling off the boat
          









          'I've found my happy place!' Ricki-Lee Coulter strips down to another swimsuit as hits the pool in a retro bikini while continuing  her honeymoon in France
          









          She gets it from me! Kris Jenner proves Kim Kardashian's famous derriere runs in the family as mother and daughter step out in skintight dresses
          









          'I'm gonna pray for you': Zendaya rises above as she defends her parents from Twitter trolls who branded them ugly
          
          Swift response
        








          The lady is a vamp! Vanessa Hudgens unleashes her inner goth as she shows off toned pins in denim hotpants and rocker tee
          
          She's a rock chick
        








          Hollywood does the high jump: Stars including Brigitte Bardot, Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe photographed in mid-air
          
          Collection of old shots
        








          The fun is over! Jennifer Aniston looks far from cheerful on set of Mother's Day with Jason Sudeikis after dreamy honeymoon with Justin Theroux
          









          Lindsay Lohan 'claims she was drugged' at businessman pal's luxury Italian wedding after 'causing  scene and running around naked'
          









          Ben Affleck ditches his wedding ring as he spends quality time with daughter Seraphina... amid claims Jennifer Garner is rethinking living arrangements
          









          Suki Waterhouse teams plunging floral dress with leather sneakers as she parties up a storm in Hollywood 
          
          Bradley Cooper's ex loving the LA lifestyle
        








          'Proudest moment of my life': Former TOWIE star Kirk Norcross is expecting a baby with girlfriend Holli Willis following a whirlwind romance
          









          Rumour Has It! Adele 'to release long-awaited third album in November'... FOUR YEARS after award-winning LP 21
          
          Will it be called 27?
        








          England rugby star James Haskell strips down to his pants as he shows his ripped physique in Gay Times photoshoot
          
          World Cup is coming
        








          It's a dog's life! Dennis Quaid jet out of Los Angeles airport with wife Kimberley and does the heavy lifting carrying their pet pooches in bags
          









          Actress Minka Kelly keeps it casual in ripped dungarees and a cute striped crop top as she runs errands near her home
          
          In Holywood
        








          Pregnant Sam Faiers covers up her baby bump with a chic cape coat as she steps out for the first time since sharing baby joy
          
          Another TOWIE baby
        








          Bold and beautiful! Emma Stone sports a sheer patterned blouse as co-star Ryan Gosling suits up on the set of La La Land
          
          That's a plum job
        








          Alana Stewart looks far younger than her 70 years as she steps out after lunch in nautical top and white trousers
          
          Rod's ex-wife looks super young
        








          Ben Affleck treats daughters Violet and Seraphina to Taylor Swift's last LA 1989 tour concert... and fans to star selfies backstage
          
          Doting dad
        








          Fast food fashion! Aaron Paul wears vest made of Doritos bags as he celebrates his 36th birthday with flowers on the set of Come And Find Me
          









          Wonders in white! Kendall Jenner shows off model figure in croptop and skirt with thigh-high split as Kylie dons clinging dress accompanied by Tyga
          









          Pregnant Kim Kardashian squeezes into a skintight dress as she keeps her balance in stilettos aboard Khloe's lavish yacht party
          









          His other domain! Peter Dinklage steps out for a summer stroll with his wife Erica and their young daughter in New York City 
          
          Off to pay a debt?
        








          Dame Helen Mirren complains 'I've got legs like Rooney's'  
          
          Actress would never wear shorts in public, writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE
        








          Fancy seeing you here! Rihanna bumps into Cuba Gooding Jr. after grabbing dinner at her favorite Italian restaurant 
          









          Controversial US rap star Tyler, The Creator BANNED from Britain over lyrics encouraging 'violence and intolerance'
          
          Authorities unimpressed
        








          He's on a roll! Justin Bieber zooms around on a hands-free scooter ahead of the release of his new single
          
          He's been teasing new single on Twitter
        








          'Secret' smoker Katie Holmes lights up on the set of All We Had as she films scene dressed as a diner waitress
          
          She proved she's a method actor
        








          New heights of chivalry! Arctic Monkey singer Alex Turner is towered over by girlfriend Taylor Bagley as he helps her move apartments
          









          Taking after mum! Sonia Kruger's seven-month-old daughter Maggie celebrates her famous mother's 50th birthday in style as she clutches onto a handbag
          









          Aussie model Ashley Hart shows some skin in a plunging suit jacket with nothing underneath as she opens Melbourne's first Vogue Fashion's Night Out
          









          'I was silly': Pierce Brosnan says he missed out on playing Batman in 1989 film because he was 'naïve'
          
          The role ended up going to Michael Keaton
        








          President or Prime Minister? CBB's first big twist as new housemates Janice Dickinson and Bobby Davro prepare to battle it out for ruler
          









          X Factor couple Chloe Jasmine and Stevi Ritchie enter Celebrity Big Brother house in matching red, white and blue as they admit show 'could make or break us'
          









          'I could whip Sir Alan into shape - I'd have him quaking in his brogues': Gemma Collins has huge plans after quitting TOWIE as she models new plus-size collection  
          









          Is she trying to get extra votes? Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham wows in hybrid Union Jack and American flag dress at Celebrity Big Brother launch
          









          Jamie's anger at junk food ads in BGT and X Factor: Chef says children are bombarded with commercials for sugary drinks and unhealthy snacks
          









          'I'll put my money on us v. Peter Andre': Simon Cowell is confident The X Factor will beat Strictly Come Dancing in the ratings this year
          









          Imprisoned for years by their deranged father in a tiny Manhattan apartment, the Wolfpack brothers' only contact with the world was watching films
          









          Mary Berry is voted the older woman men would most like to date - and beats Carol Vorderman, Nigella Lawson and Pippa Middleton (who's just 31)
          









          Jeremy Clarkson 'will receive £10m a year for new Amazon show': Former Top Gear host tipped to receive £800,000 per episode
          
          Serious money
        








          Boho beauty Minnie Driver, 45, looks lovely in a chic white smock dress as she enjoys a spot of retail therapy
          
          She's known for her English Rose looks
        








          Showing their support! Mel Doyle leads the pack wearing a pin for Daffodil Day alongside Samantha Armytage and MKR winner Steve Flood and Will Stewart
          









          'She's VIP all access y'all!': Pregnant Kelly Clarkson posts a rock-star photo of 14-month-old daughter River
          
          Like mother...
        








          Serena Williams wows in classic little black dress at tennis event... as ex Common gives his blessing for her romance with Drake
          
          She looked happy
        








          'Hope he gets broken in rehab': Disgraced US reality star Josh Duggar's family members speak of anger and hurt in wake of cheating scandal
          









          Sherrie Hewson, 64, dazzles in a silver dress as she enters the Celebrity Big Brother house... after revealing results of her second facelift
          









          Former winner Katie Price and ex-Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt glam up for Celebrity Big Brother launch
          
          Returned to the scene of the crime
        








          Emma Willis wows in a slinky black waistcoat for Celebrity Big Brother launch
          
          All eyes on her for the first night of the UK vs U.S. series
        








          'I genuinely worry for her in that sort of environment': Fans' concern for Gail Porter as she enters CBB after years of struggling with depression
          









          The £150 hair treatment that promises to make frizz a thing of the past: Woman whose locks were once likened to a lion's puts new smoothing service to the test
          









          Behati Prinsloo enjoys a date night with husband Adam Levine in LA after her painful wisdom teeth removal
          
          African model didn't look too chuffed
        








          Celine Dion returns to Las Vegas residency at the urging of ailing husband Rene Angelil... after more than a year's absence
          
          Has been caring for him
        








          Expensively scruffy! Julianne Moore runs some errands around town in a $150 distressed designer tee
          
          Looking good does not come cheap
        








          Tamara Ecclestone shares cute family snap of baby Sophia and husband Jay Rutland as they continue to live it up Los Angeles
          









          Kirsty Gallacher flashes a hint of toned tum in white two piece after she and athlete Iwan Thomas are revealed as Strictly's final two contestants
          









          Melanie Griffith exposes bra in sheer blouse as she spends quality time with mini-me daughter Stella
          
          Daughter with ex Antonio Banderas is nearly 19
        








          You've got to be joking! Comedian Michael McIntyre's plans to extend his £5.6million Hampstead mansion blasted by conservationists as 'crude' and 'destructive'
          









          It must be the endorphins! Bindi Irwin looks ecstatic as she leaves rehearsals for Dancing With The Stars in exercise gear alongside mother Terri
          









          'No kisses today Justin': Australian singer Alli Simpson teases her fans with cheeky snaps of her cosying up to Justin Bieber
          









          Nicki Minaj will open MTV Video Music Awards despite rant about nominations... as news is confirmed with a 'sonogram' in nod to pregnancy rumours 
          









          Cate Blanchett to receive British Film Institute Fellowship at London awards ceremony where new movie Truth will premiere
          









          Gwen Stefani takes sons Kingston and Apollo to a birthday party after ditching her wedding ring
          
          Singer is embracing life after Gavin
        








          A £300K holiday fit for a globe-trotting princess: The cost of Beatrice's 15 luxury foreign trips this year (lucky she's got a new job to pay for them)
          









          Hilary Duff shows off her athletic legs in frayed Daisy Dukes as she visits her sister Haylie
          
          Actress is said to be dating her trainer
        








          Newlywed Zooey Deschanel enjoys day out with her husband Jacob Pechenik and their newborn daughter
          
          New Girl actress looked radiant
        








          'It's scary': Kim K reveals she may undergo a hysterectomy after birth of second child... and says fertility issues took 'the fun' out of getting pregnant
          









          'Started right here with these milkshakes': Rob Kardashian pokes fun at his weight gain in throwback snap 
          
          The 28-year-old has been trying to slim down.
        








          Cara Delevingne is latest member of Suicide Squad to get cast tattoo as co-star Margot Robbie takes charge of inking her foot
          
          Tattoo by Harley Quinn
        








          EXCLUSIVE: 'There is a bit of madness in me, definitely!' Louis Walsh shows off his moves in new Cadbury ad as he reveals what's next for him after X Factor
          









          Denmark's Crown Princess Mary lightens the tone amid the serious suits with an elegant knee-length floral printed skirt and navy blazer
          









          'It's not going to be because of pressure from me': Simon Cowell admits he's unsure if 1D will reunite as he insists the 'exhausted' group deserve a year off
          









          Taking it in her stride! Single Kourtney Kardashian legs it to the health food store with son Mason
          
          She knew he was trouble when he walked in
        








          A garter for your phone, a gold bracelet turned hair tie and shoes that are both heels AND flats: The futuristic fashion gadgets set to make your life simpler
          









          Another sequel? Arnold Schwarzenegger has lunch with Expendables producer Robert Earl after saying he'd like to do a fourth movie  
          









          Never off-duty! Leggy Alessandra Ambrosio looks runway ready in printed playsuit after taking her daughter to Taylor Swift's concert
          









          Still hangin' tough! Donnie Wahlberg takes down a suspect while filming Blue Bloods in New York City
          
          New Kids star is good at playing the tough guy
        








          'She's a good girl': Cheryl Fernandez-Versini praises her fellow X Factor judge Rita Ora and says she's loved giving her guidance
          









          'We'll make him judge of the week!' Simon Cowell hints that Louis Walsh could be making his X Factor comeback... as show returns for its TWELFTH series 
          









          Hot and not bothered: Kate Moss enjoys one last hurrah as she leaves her sunny South of France holiday with a beer in hand
          
          Marriage on the rocks?
        








          Caitlyn Jenner admits she likes the idea of finding 'a guy to treat me like a real woman'... but offends pal with words
          
          Previously said she's not attracted to men
        








          Justin Bieber gives yet another pretaped radio interview in LA ahead of What Do You Mean debut as reps 'are terrified of him speaking live'
          









          Chest amazing! Katy Perry displays her cleavage in plunging top as she attends Finding Neverland on Broadway
          
          Got her California Girls out!
        








          A Fistful of Dollars! Tyga carries wad of $100 bills after being told to pay $70k in rent as Kylie Jenner poses with transgender star Gigi Gorgeous
          









          'It's her weapon of choice': Poppy Delevingne reveals the moment social media made sister Cara a 'megastar' overnight in Net-A-Porter interview
          









          Strictly double date! Newly-engaged Janette Manrara and Aljaz Skorjanec join fellow dancer Brendan Cole and his wife Zoe at McQueen press night
          









          JAN MOIR: Charlotte Church's got a rather nasty case of Emma Thompson-itis! 
          
          Charlotte Church was to be found singing a song called 'This Bitter Earth' 
        








          'Real trouble!' Alessandra Ambrosio jokes about her fangirl daughter Anja, 7, as she shares pictures of her posing with Taylor Swift at LA concert 
          









          These boots are NOT made for walking! Australian model Shanina Shaik puts her feet up in thigh-high studded shoes for sultry photo shoot
          









          Plausible or busted? Mythbusters recreates Walter White's automated machine gun from the Breaking Bad finale
          
          Video posted online
        








          'I didn't resonate with the script': Margot Robbie tells of lucky escape losing part of Invisible Woman to Kate Mara in Fantastic Four reboot flop
          









          A Smart choice! Amy displays her toned legs in pretty floral summer dress as she attends Break Point screening in LA
          
          Looking fab
        








          Kate Bosworth gives Hayden Christensen an EXTRA special kiss as they promote new life-after-death drama 90 Minutes In Heaven on TV  show
          









          'Don't make it about you!' Miley Cyrus slams Nicki Minaj for being selfish following the rapper's Twitter spat with Taylor Swift
          









          Emily Blunt goes incognito in wide-brimmed hat and sunglasses for LA shopping trip
          
          Low profile in Los Angeles
        


























Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes



more


































	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message



















Find out more...






Find out more...























 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Syndication
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies









 











 
 


















