












The Atlantic

























































The Atlantic

Subscribe
Search
Menu











Close

Home
Latest
Most Popular
Magazine
Video
Photo
Writers



News
Politics
Business
Culture
Tech
Health
Education
Sexes
U.S.
Global


Notes
Projects
Events
Books
Shop





Your AccountSign Out
Sign InSign Up







Subscribe
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price.
Order Now




Follow

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
RSS
App Store

See our Newsletters >









Privacy Policy

Effective: January 1, 2015    
At the Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. ("The Atlantic"), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy.  Our privacy policy is applicable to The Atlantic, and The Atlantic’s affiliates and subsidiaries whose websites, mobile applications and other online services are directly linked (the “Sites”).  The privacy policy describes the kinds of information we may gather during your visit to these Sites, how we use your information, when we might disclose your personally identifiable information, and how you can manage your information.  
This privacy policy does not apply to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third party websites.  
By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools.  If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Sites.  We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use.

What Information Is Collected?
How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
How Do We Use Your Information?
Who Can See Your Information?
What Are Your Choices?
Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users
Other Important Information
Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information

What Information Is Collected?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information.  Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the Sites and the Internet.  Personally identifiable information is any information that can individually identify you and includes, your name, address, phone number, and email address, or non-personally identifiable information that has been linked to such personally identifiable information.    
Personally Identifiable Information
As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personally identifiable information to us.  However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personally identifiable information, including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a survey or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“non-personally identifiable information” or “non-PII”), such as demographic data; information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, general location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information. We may also collect information about your use of the Sites, including your search terms and search results, and additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses.  Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites.  In addition to non-identifiable individual information, we may collect aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information From or Through Social Media Sites
In addition, when you interact with any The Atlantic property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or LinkedIn, we may collect the personally identifiable information that you make available to us on that page or account including your social media account ID.  However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personally identifiable information that we are permitted to collect by those social media platforms.  If you choose to link or login to your The Atlantic account with or through a social networking service, The Atlantic and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social network’s users.
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information
We collect and store your device’s source IP address which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Sites.  Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data.

How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Like many websites, we use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed.  For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
We may also use web beacons and web storage technologies.  A web beacon (also known as an “action tag”, “tracer tag”, or “single-pixel gif”) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect information about your use of a given website. Web Storage is a feature in some browsers that permits websites to store data within your browser rather within a cookie.  We do not share or provide personally identifiable information we may collect in web beacons or store in Web Storage, such as names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers, to unaffiliated third parties without your express permission.
We may partner with third party advertising companies to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites.  They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.  They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content.  These advertising partners do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information from us, without your consent.  They may, however, use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites.  While we restrict their further use of such information, such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us.  
Third-party ad serving companies and other unaffiliated advertisers also display advertisements on our site. As part of their service, they may place a separate cookie on your computer or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies, to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular advertisement. For a listing of the third party companies we may allow to place cookies to serve ads on the Sites, click here.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies, how they may be used, or the information they may collect and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those third parties.  Please visit the sites of those businesses at the links above to review their privacy policies. We may add or change the list of third party ad servers from time to time and we encourage you to check this section for changes.  You can learn more about about online advertising at www.aboutads.info/consumers.  
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality.  Because a “Do Not Track” compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, The Atlantic’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.

How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites, including to:

Provide you with the content, products and services you request
Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or other another medium
Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Administer our loyalty programs
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns

We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites, all of which are owned and operated by The Atlantic, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single user record.  

Who Can See Your Information?
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information collected from the Sites to any organizations not part of The Atlantic or its subsidiaries or related entities, except as described in this privacy policy.  
Third-Party Agents
    
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, content syndication, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing and customer service.  These entities may have access to personally identifiable information if needed to perform their functions.  If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information.  They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites.
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
From time to time we allow companies whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers to advertise to those subscribers, using the names and addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to the print edition.  We do not share our subscribers’ names and addresses directly with these companies, however.  In those instances, we use a reputable third party to administer the process on our behalf.  Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service. If you do not want your name and address to be shared for these purposes, you can opt-out of such sharing by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or calling or writing us at the contact information provided.
Assignment
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, The Atlantic may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets.  Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time.  Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations
In some cases, we may use or disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process; to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites; or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, partners, the users of the Sites, or the public.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may disclose or share individual, non-personally identifiable information and aggregate information in any manner other than that described herein that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we will disclose non-personally identifiable information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites.  We will also disclose non-personally identifiable information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites.

What Are Your Choices?
We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information.  Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your information.  
Collection of personally identifiable information
All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis.  If you do not want The Atlantic to collect such information, you should not submit it to the Sites.  However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the sites.  
Sharing of personally identifiable information
You may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with business partners and third parties for marketing and advertising purposes by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or contacting us at the phone numbers or postal address provided below.
Online, Interest Based Advertising
You may be able to opt-out of the use of your information for online, interest based advertising from participating whether advertising partners and unaffiliated third parties through the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out program by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Emails and Newsletters
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from The Atlantic by following the instructions contained within the emails and newsletters, or by e-mailing, calling or writing us at the addresses below.  

Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users
These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to The Atlantic’s services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws.  If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to The Atlantic.  
If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to the United States of America. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.
Other Important Information 
How Your Information Is Secured
We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical and administrative controls.  Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks.   
The time period for which we keep information varies according to the purpose for which it is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
Contests, Sweepstakes or Games
When we run a contest or sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this privacy policy.  In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, personally identifiable information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it.  
Children’s Information
The Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age.  The Atlantic does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not provide personal information to The Atlantic without providing us with consent from your parents. If The Atlantic discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided The Atlantic with personal information and we do not have parental consent, The Atlantic will immediately delete that child’s information from the Sites. If you believe that company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com.
Your California Privacy Rights 
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of The Atlantic who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.”  Please allow thirty days for a response.
Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information
If you have an account with The Atlantic, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your account profile.  If you have questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us at:
Email:
techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com
Telephone:
(800)234-2411 (United States)
(515) 237-3670 (International)
Postal Service:
Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
ATTN: General Counsel
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20037
For Print Subscriptions:
Atlantic Customer Care
PO Box 37564
Boone, IA 50037-0564
theatlantic@cdsfulfillment.com
You may also use the contact information provided to request access or changes to your personally identifiable information; however, you will not be permitted to examine the personally identifiable information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personally identifiable information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you.  We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personally identifiable information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.











Most Popular






Andrew B. Myers / The Atlantic

The Coddling of the American Mind


Greg Lukianoff and Jonathan Haidt


In the name of emotional well-being, college students are increasingly demanding protection from words and ideas they don’t like. Here’s why that’s disastrous for education—and mental health. 

Something strange is happening at America’s colleges and universities. A movement is arising, undirected and driven largely by students, to scrub campuses clean of words, ideas, and subjects that might cause discomfort or give offense. Last December, Jeannie Suk wrote in an online article for The New Yorker about law students asking her fellow professors at Harvard not to teach rape law—or, in one case, even use the word violate (as in “that violates the law”) lest it cause students distress. In February, Laura Kipnis, a professor at Northwestern University, wrote an essay in The Chronicle of Higher Education describing a new campus politics of sexual paranoia—and was then subjected to a long investigation after students who were offended by the article and by a tweet she’d sent filed Title IX complaints against her. In June, a professor protecting himself with a pseudonym wrote an essay for Vox describing how gingerly he now has to teach. “I’m a Liberal Professor, and My Liberal Students Terrify Me,” the headline said. A number of popular comedians, including Chris Rock, have stopped performing on college campuses (see Caitlin Flanagan’s article in this month’s issue). Jerry Seinfeld and Bill Maher have publicly condemned the oversensitivity of college students, saying too many of them can’t take a joke.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Mario Anzuoni / Reuters

Nicki Minaj, Miley Cyrus, and the VMAs: A Tone-Policing Palooza


Spencer Kornhaber


Though it wasn’t pretty, Minaj was really teaching a lesson in civility.

Nicki Minaj didn’t, in the end, say much to Miley Cyrus at all. If you only read the comments that lit up the Internet at last night’s MTV Video Music Awards, you might think she was kidding, or got cut off, when she “called out” the former Disney star who was hosting: “And now, back to this bitch that had a lot to say about me the other day in the press. Miley, what’s good?”

But to really understand the moment, you need to watch the tape.
To summarize: When Minaj’s “Anaconda” won the award for Best Hip-Hop Video, she took to the stage in a slow shuffle, shook her booty with presenter Rebel Wilson, and then gave an acceptance speech in which she switched vocal personas as amusingly as she does in her best raps—street-preacher-like when telling women “don’t you be out here depending on these little snotty-nosed boys”; sweetness and light when thanking her fans and pastor. Then a wave of nausea seemed to come over her, and she turned her gaze toward Cyrus. To me, the look on her face, not the words that she said, was the news of the night:



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





NBC

Saturday Night Live's Talent Problem


David Sims


The NBC show isn’t casting its net wide enough when it comes to finding new players.

Since the departure of many of its biggest stars two years ago, Saturday Night Live has mostly avoided major cast changes. Yesterday, NBC announced the show would add only one new cast member for its 41st season—the near-unknown stand-up comic Jon Rudnitsky. SNL is, of course, a sketch-comedy show, but it keeps hiring mostly white stand-ups who have a markedly different skill set, with limited results. As critics and viewers keep calling out for greater diversity on the show, it’s hard to imagine the series’s reasoning in sticking to old habits.

As is unfortunately typical today, controversy has already arisen over some tasteless old jokes from Rudnitsky’s Twitter and Vine feeds, similar to the furore that greeted Trevor Noah’s hiring at The Daily Show this summer. But Rudnitsky was apparently hired on the back of his stand-up performances, not his Internet presence, similar to the other young stand-ups the show has hired in recent years: Pete Davidson, Brooks Wheelan (since fired), and Michael Che. It’s a peculiar route to the show, because SNL is 90 percent sketch acting, and unless you’re hosting Weekend Update (like Che), you’re not going to do a lot of stand-up material. So why hire Rudnitsky?



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Craig Lassig / Reuters

‘Hillary 2016’ Has Never Made Sense for Democrats


Conor Friedersdorf


Why haven’t more challengers entered the race to defeat the Iraq War hawk, Patriot Act supporter, and close friend of big finance?

As Hillary Clinton loses ground to Bernie Sanders in Iowa, where her lead shrinks by the day, it’s worth noticing that she has never made particular sense as the Democratic Party’s nominee. She may be more electable than her social-democratic rival from Vermont, but plenty of Democrats are better positioned to represent the center-left coalition. Why have they let the former secretary of state keep them out of the race? If Clinton makes it to the general election, I understand why most Democrats will support her. She shares their views on issues as varied as preserving Obamacare, abortion rights, extending legal status to undocumented workers, strengthening labor unions, and imposing a carbon tax to slow climate change.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Mindful Schools

When Mindfulness Meets the Classroom


Lauren Cassani Davis


Many educators are introducing meditation into the classroom as a means of improving kids’ attention and emotional regulation.

A five-minute walk from the rickety, raised track that carries the 5 train through the Bronx, the English teacher Argos Gonzalez balanced a rounded metal bowl on an outstretched palm. His class—a mix of black and Hispanic students in their late teens, most of whom live in one of the poorest districts in New York City—by now were used to the sight of this unusual object: a Tibetan meditation bell.
“Today we’re going to talk about mindfulness of emotion,” Gonzalez said with a hint of a Venezuelan accent. “You guys remember what mindfulness is?” Met with quiet stares, Gonzalez gestured to one of the posters pasted at the back of the classroom, where the students a few weeks earlier had brainstormed terms describing the meaning of “mindfulness.” There were some tentative mumblings: “being focused,” “being aware of our surroundings.”



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





China Stringer Network / AP

Who Crashed China's Stock Market?


Heather Timmons and Zheping Huang


Beijing’s top five scapegoats, from journalists to hedge funds to the U.S. federal reserve

China’s stock markets continue to stumble, despite the massive stimulus that the government has unleashed to prop them up. The Shanghai benchmark index fell by 1.23 percent Tuesday, after closing down slightly Monday. The index has fallen by nearly 40 percent from its mid-June peak.
In some ways, the slide isn’t surprising—after all, Chinese stocks were trading at extremely rich valuations before they started to fall, even as signs emerged that China’s economy was slowing.
The Shanghai Composite Index
More From Quartz
The Oil Slump Has Thrown Canada Back Into Recession
Japan Has Scrapped Its 2020 Olympics Logo Amid Allegations of Plagiarism
Ordinary Citizens Across Europe Are Stepping in to Help Refugees Where Their Governments Have Failed




        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Reuters 

Blood Plasma, Sweat, and Tears


Kathryn Edin and H. Luke Shaefer


When cobbling together a livable income, many of America’s poorest people rely on the stipends they receive for donating plasma.

There is no money to be made selling blood anymore. It can, however, pay off to sell plasma, a component in blood that is used in a number of treatments for serious illnesses. It is legal to “donate” plasma up to two times a week, for which a bank will pay around $30 each time. Selling plasma is so common among America’s extremely poor that it can be thought of as their lifeblood.
But no one could reasonably think of a twice-weekly plasma donation as a job. It’s a survival strategy, one of many operating well outside the low-wage job market.
In Johnson City, Tennessee, we met a 21-year-old who donates plasma as often as 10 times a month—as frequently as the law allows. (The terms of our research prevent us from revealing her identity.) She is able to donate only when her husband has time to keep an eye on their two young daughters. When we met him in February, he could do that pretty frequently because he’d been out of work since the beginning of December, when McDonald’s reduced his hours to zero in response to slow foot traffic. Six months ago, walking his wife to the plasma clinic and back, kids in tow, was the most important job he had.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Kevin Lamarque / Reuters

The West Point Professor Who Contemplated a Coup


Matt Ford


After calling his intellectual opponents treasonous, and allegedly exaggerating his credentials, a controversial law professor resigns from the United States Military Academy.

On Monday, West Point law professor William C. Bradford resigned after The Guardian reported that he had allegedly inflated his academic credentials. Bradford made headlines last week, when the editors of the National Security Law Journal denounced a controversial article by him in their own summer issue:

As the incoming Editorial Board, we want to address concerns regarding Mr. Bradford’s contention that some scholars in legal academia could be considered as constituting a fifth column in the war against terror; his interpretation is that those scholars could be targeted as unlawful combatants. The substance of Mr. Bradford’s article cannot fairly be considered apart from the egregious breach of professional decorum that it exhibits. We cannot “unpublish” it, of course, but we can and do acknowledge that the article was not presentable for publication when we published it, and that we therefore repudiate it with sincere apologies to our readers.




        
        Continue Reading
        
    





LM Otero / AP

The Problem with Challenging Birthright Citizenship


Garrett Epps


If the Fourteenth Amendment means that the children of undocumented immigrants are not citizens, as Donald Trump suggests, then they are also not subject to American laws.

Imagine the moon rising majestically over the Tonto National Forest, highlighting the stark desert scenery along the Superstition Freeway just west of Morristown, Arizona. The sheriff of Maricopa County sips coffee from his thermos and checks that his radar gun is on the ready. A lot of lawmen wouldn’t have bothered to send officers out at night on such a lonely stretch of road, much less taken the night shift themselves. But America’s Toughest Sheriff sets a good example for his deputies. As long as he’s the sheriff, at least, the rule of law—and the original intent of the Constitution—will be enforced by the working end of a nightstick.
Suddenly a car rockets by, going 100 miles an hour by the gun. Siren ululating, the sheriff heads west after the speeder. The blue Corolla smoothly pulls over to the shoulder. The sheriff sees the driver’s side window roll down. Cautiously he approaches.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Wikimedia

The Best Way to Type ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


Robinson Meyer


Every time you shrug, you don’t need to Google, then copy, then paste.

Updated, 2:20 p.m.
All hail ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
In its 11 strokes, the symbol encapsulates what it’s like to be an individual on the Internet. With raised arms and a half-turned smile, it exudes the melancholia, the malaise, the acceptance, and (finally) the embrace of knowing that something’s wrong on the Internet and you can’t do anything about it.
As Kyle Chayka writes in a new history of the symbol at The Awl, the meaning of the “the shruggie” is always two, if not three- or four-, fold. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ represents nihilism, “bemused resignation,” and “a Zen-like tool to accept the chaos of universe.” It is Sisyphus in unicode. I use it at least 10 times a day.
For a long time, however, I used it with some difficulty. Unlike better-known emoticons like :) or ;), ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ borrows characters from the Japanese syllabary called katakana. That makes it a kaomoji, a Japanese emoticon; it also makes it, on Western alphabetical keyboards at least, very hard to type. But then I found a solution, and it saves me having to google “smiley sideways shrug” every time I want to quickly rail at the world’s inherent lack of meaning.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    






The Wanderlust of #Vanlife


Sam Price-Waldman


How an Instagram hashtag inspired a movement


        
        Watch Video
        
    






The Importance of Being Naked


Nicolas Pollock, Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg, Sam Price-Waldman, and James Hamblin


Why aren't more people doing basic skin-cancer screening?


        
        Watch Video
        
    






'Jesus, Don't Let Me Die Before I've Had Sex'


Nadine Ajaka


An excerpt from a new documentary explores the fraught relationship between Evangelical Christians and sex.


        
        Watch Video
        
    













Subscribe
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price.
























State
Alabama
Alaska
Alberta
American Samoa
APO/FPO-Africa
APO/FPO-Canada
APO/FPO-Europe
APO/FPO-Middle East
APO/FPO-Americas
APO/FPO-Pacific
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Manitoba
Marshall Islands
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Micronesia
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Brunswick
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Newfoundland
Newfoundland-Labrador
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Mariana Isles
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Palau
Pennsylvania
Prince Edward Island
Puerto Rico
Quebec
Quebec
Rhode Island
Saskatchewan
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Yukon Territories









Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic





Newsletters+






                                The Atlantic
                            


The Atlantic Daily


This Week


This Month




New Photo Galleries


Top Videos This Week







                                CityLab
                            

Today’s Top Stories


This Week's Most Popular Stories




I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors.

















Follow+



Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
RSS
App Store





About+




Masthead
FAQ
Press
Jobs


Shop
Books
Emporium




Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Advertising Guidelines


Terms and Conditions
Subscriber Help
Site Map






 Copyright © 2015 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. CDN powered by Verizon Digital Media Services. Insights powered by Parsely















        () Continue >
    









































Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).


























