


















Slate's privacy policy.


























































    Like us on Facebook for more great Slate stories!
    


X


    Follow us on Twitter for more great Slate stories!
    
Follow @slate

X











Slate




Sign In
Sign Up


















Slate's Privacy Policy























Slate




Sign In
Sign Up





 










SlateSlate User Agreement And Privacy PolicySlate’s legalese.Dec. 6 2012 1:22 PM

Slate's Privacy Policy
















Our data-collection practices.









Last Updated: February 28, 2014.




The Slate Group LLC (“Slate,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs while protecting the privacy of your information.  This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through the websites, mobile applications, and other online services and products that link to or post this Policy (collectively, the “Services”).  Please read the entire Privacy Policy before using our Services.  By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.


1.     Information We Collect


You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services.  However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, access various content or features, register for contests or sweepstakes, submit comments and other content, order products, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:



Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;


User name, display name, and password;


Demographic information, such as age information and gender;


Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date;


Geolocation information;


Communications preferences;


Search queries;


Stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;


Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and


Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.



We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:



Your browser type and operating system;


Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;


Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;


Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;


Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;


Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;


Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded; and


Standard Server Log Information



We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”), and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.  Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser.  Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as "web beacons" or "clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.  By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.  You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser.  However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Services.


2.     Use of Information


 


We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:



Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;


Customize and personalize your use of the Services;


Provide Slate Plus users with premium content, products, promotions, and information;


Contact you via email and otherwise about products, services, and events that we think might be of interest to you;


Contact you with surveys, legal notices, and other information that may be relevant to your use of the Services;


Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;


Publish stories, comments, and other information posted in our interactive online features;


Process employment applications and inquiries; and


As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.

To show you relevant ads both on our Services and elsewhere, and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads. To learn more about how you can opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit www.networkadvertising.org;



3.     Sharing of Information


We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.



Corporate Parents, Affiliates, and Subsidiaries.  We may share your information with our corporate parents, subsidiaries, and other affiliated entities for a variety of purposes, including business, operational, and marketing purposes.


Service Providers.  We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf, such as to host the Services, manage databases, host a store or other e-commerce platform, perform analyses, or send communications for us.


Select Business Partners.  We may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. However, Slate is not responsible for the privacy practices of these business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.


Other Parties When Required By Law or as Necessary to Protect the Services.  We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of Slate, our corporate parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.


In Connection With a Transfer of Assets. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.


Other Parties With Your Consent. We may share information about you with third parties when you consent to such sharing, including when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool.


Aggregate Information.  We may disclose to third parties information that does not describe or identify individual users, such as aggregate website usage data or demographic reports.



We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services.  For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.  Please note that you may need to take additional steps beyond changing your browser settings to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies.  For example, Local Shared Objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page.   If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.


Slate does not share information that it collects with third parties for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.


4.     Data Security


We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide to us.  Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.


You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of the Services using your password, whether or not authorized by you.  Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.


5.     Children’s Privacy


The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). 


6.     Social Networking Services


Slate has worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services.  For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services.  These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services.  These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.  If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.


You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) to an account through our Services.  This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services.  If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.


7.     Privacy Policy Updates


We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Services or other appropriate notice.  Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms and conditions.


8.     Links to Third Party Sites and Services


The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by Slate.  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Slate of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.


9.     International Users


Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.  While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, Slate commits to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.


10.  Your California Privacy Rights


It is our policy not to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 


Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, Slate currently does not take action in response to these signals.  If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.


11.  Communications Preferences


You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us.  You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or “unsubscribe” link included in the commercial e-mails you receive.  Please note that opt-out requests may take up to 10 business days to be effective.  Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature.  For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.


12.  Contact Us


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:


slateoffice@slate.com







REPRINT
PRINT
EMAIL

















































 










 







Powered by Livefyre



















 

News & Politics


Politics

Aug. 28 2015 3:04 PM

The Myths of Katrina
Ten years after the storm, falsehoods about warnings, violence, and recovery persist. Here’s the truth.
Marta Jewson and Charles Maldonado



Iceland’s Abandoned Turf-Roofed Homes Are Making a Comeback


Think You’re Smarter Than a Future Tense blogger? Find Out With This Week’s News Quiz.


Why the Hillary Doubters Are Wrong


Donald Trump Can’t Win. But He Can Build a Lasting Political Movement. Here’s How.


Now that Lawmakers Have Read the Iran Deal, It Will Likely Pass


Democrats Should Steal This Brilliant Method of Wooing Working-Class Whites from Trump


Women Vote Differently Than Men. Do They Do So on the Supreme Court as Well?







 

Business


Moneybox

Aug. 31 2015 2:19 PM

China Manipulated Its Stock Market Last Week Because of a Parade

Jordan Weissmann



More Than Twenty Years After the Story in Show Me a Hero, Yonkers’ Affordable-Housing Fight Isn’t Over


In Praise of Aerogel, Spongelike Industrial Wonder


Gogo’s On-Flight Internet Is Crummy, Slow, and Ubiquitous. Why?


American Industry Wastes Huge Amounts of Gas by Burning It Off. Here’s a Cheap Way to Save It.


Tesla’s Newest Car Scores 103 Out of 100, Breaks Consumer Reports' Rating System


Natural Disasters Like Hurricane Katrina Make the Rich Richer and the Poor Poorer


A 2011 Paper Totally Predicted What’s Happening With China’s Economy Now







 

Life


Dear Prudence

Aug. 31 2015 3:38 PM

Giant Sucking Sound
Prudie offers advice about a co-worker who pumps breast milk in the middle of the open office.
Emily Yoffe



What’s It Like to Work at a Traveling Circus?


Is Kim Davis, Kentucky’s Infamous Anti-Gay Clerk, Getting Taken for a Ride by Her Lawyers?


A Massive Storm Shifted Tons of Sand To Reveal The Centuries-Old Forest of Borth


Sketches of Life in a Union POW Camp, by an Anonymous Confederate Prisoner


After 88 Firefighters Died in the Tianjin Blast, Chinese Officials Question Dangerous Chemical Procedures


Colleges Are Using Personality Tests to Select Their Presidents


The Rise of the Viral Obituary







 

Double X


The XX Factor

Aug. 31 2015 12:48 PM

Chrissie Hynde Has Some Extremely Depressing Ideas About Rape and Blame

Amanda Marcotte



The Odd Sexual-Consent Law That Explains the Bizarre Owen Labrie Verdict


This Viral PTA Fundraiser Sums Up What Every Parent Everywhere Is Thinking


Men Had a Terrible Time on Ashley Madison. They Deserve Our Pity, Not Scorn.


Trying to Understand Trump’s Baffing Popularity Among GOP Women


“Porn Addiction” Is Often Just an Attempt to Medicalize Religious Dogma


Teens Don't Know Who Alanis Morissette Is. This Is a Good Thing.


The Fun Home Flap Proves That the Big Threat to Campus Free Speech Isn’t “Political Correctness”










 

Slate Plus


Slate Plus

Aug. 28 2015 12:31 PM

What Happened at Slate This Week?
International affairs writer Joshua Keating on what to read to understand the apparently permanent slowdown of the Chinese economy.
Joshua Keating



Here Are Our Favorite Reads From Around the Web This Week


Slate Voice: “Why You Should Never, Ever Use Two Spaces After a Period” 


Should We Get Rid of August? A Political Gabfest Bonus Segment.


Writing a Book? This Editor Wants to Fall in Love With It.







 

Arts


Brow Beat

Aug. 31 2015 2:24 PM

How Show Me a Hero Was the Anti-True Detective

Jacob Brogan



Benedict Cumberbatch’s Hamlet Could Usher in an Era of Blockbuster Shakespeare    


Watch Nic Cage Move on From His Old Arch Enemy (Bees) in the Trailer for Pay the Ghost    


Will Smith’s Concussion Looks Like The Insider, Except With Football Instead of Cigarettes


The Men Who Make Manhattan’s Flower District Blossom


John Oliver Likes Lying About History Almost As Much As He Likes Lying About Geography


I Couldn’t Wait for the New Ferrante, So I Got My Mom to Translate It From Italian for Us







 

Technology


Future Tense

Aug. 31 2015 3:25 PM

New iOS Malware Compromises 225,000 Apple Accounts

Lily Hay Newman



Come Watch District 9 With Francis Fukuyama and Future Tense


The Absurdity of Diagnosing “Smartphone Addiction”


Ashley Madison Claims 87,596 Totally Real Women Who Are Definitely Real Just Signed Up 


Study Shows Software Can Predict Psychosis Better Than Psychiatrists


A Haunting Internet History of Hurricane Katrina


Appeals Court Reverses Injunction on NSA Bulk Phone Record Collection







 

Health & Science


Bad Astronomy

Aug. 31 2015 10:00 AM

Inundated By Global Warming

Phil Plait



When Gods Looked Down on Man


When a Star Dies


Video: Make Me Dream, a Night of Shooting Stars and Widened Horizons


Unattractive Males Make Other Males More Attractive


How Is a Soap Bubble Like a Hurricane?


What the Heck Formed This Huge Mountain on Ceres?







 

Sports


Sports Nut

Aug. 25 2015 4:31 PM

Time for Change
Better IndyCar safety would be a fitting legacy for Justin Wilson.
Ben Smith



College Football Players Deserve the Right to Unionize. Why NLRB Is Too Cowardly to Say So.


How Serena Williams Survived in the Lily-White World of Women’s Tennis


Men Can Swim the 1,500 in the Olympics. Why Can’t Katie Ledecky?


The Most GIF-Worthy Man in Sports Just Lost His Job for Allegedly Hitting a Reporter


Let’s Force Cities to Host the Olympics With a Shirley Jackson–Style “Lottery”


It Took 22 Years for the Women’s 1,500-Meters Record to Fall. What's the Fastest Humans Can Possibly Run?












Slate




Sign In
Sign Up









Most Read

1. Is Kim Davis, Kentucky’s Infamous Anti-Gay Clerk, Getting Taken for a Ride by Her Lawyers?
2. Sketches of Life in a Union POW Camp, by an Anonymous Confederate Prisoner
3. Chat With Dear Prudence
4. Feeling Post-VMA Nostalgia for the Women of Pop Music’s Past? Chrissie Hynde Can Fix That for You.
5. Help! My Co-Worker Pumps Breast Milk in the Middle of Our Open Office.





Most Shared



1. Scott Walker: Building a Wall Along Canadian Border is a “Legitimate Issue”




2. The Beautiful Old Signs of Paris Are As Elegant As the City Itself 




3. Trump: Women (Who Love Their Husbands) Can’t be Trusted to Keep National Security Secrets




4. Chris Christie: Let’s Track Immigrants Like FedEx Packages




5. Sea Levels Are Rising, Faster Than You Think
















Homewrecker at the Wedding








































FOLLOW SLATE





SLATE ON
IPAD
IPHONE
ANDROID
KINDLE


REPRINTS
ADVERTISE WITH US








ABOUT US
CONTACT US
WORK WITH US


USER AGREEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
FAQ


FEEDBACK
CORRECTIONS





Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents ©
          2015 The Slate Group
          LLC. All rights reserved.


 






















Slate







Slate




Sign In
Sign Up






























