



  






	Carbonite's Privacy Policy | Carbonite






















        
    Learn     Learn   
    Cloud backup 101:
    What it is & why you need it. »       Personal The ins & outs of online backup for your family or home office computer. Learn more »     Pro Find out how to protect all the computers in your business – on just one plan. Learn more »     Server Send SQL data & more to the cloud. Discover database and live application backup. Learn more »     Appliance The speed of on-site data recovery. The security of cloud integration. Find out more about our hybrid data solution. Learn more »           Pricing     Pricing  A plan for every need.
    A price for every budget. »        Starting at $59
        99 per year  Personal For photos, music and other home office and family files. Shop plans »      Starting at $269
        99 per year  Pro For financial data, healthcare records or other crucial business files. HIPAA compliant Shop plans »      Starting at $799
        99 per year  Server For databases and live applications – like Exchange, SQL & Oracle. HIPAA compliant Shop plans »     Find A Partner  for pricing Appliance For hybrid, bare metal backup and recovery of servers and more - sold exclusively through Carbonite Partners. Find a Partner »        
    In Action     In Action  Learn how your industry
    benefits from using Carbonite. »      Industries   
            Accounting   
            Healthcare   
            Dental   
            Insurance     
            Legal   
            Real Estate  Municipalities Nonprofit     Case Studies Explore firsthand accounts from customers across the country. Dive in »     Articles Inform your day-to-day. Read up on the topics that matter to small businesses. Dive in »     White Papers Go ahead – get lost in the details with these free, informative reports. Dive in »         
    Partners     Partners  Join our network of trusted
    partners and together we can
    help our businesses grow. »       Become a Partner Grow your business with reliable, award-winning backup solutions. Learn more »     Find a Partner Search for IT professionals near you. Search now »     Partner Portal Log in to access your partner portal. Log in »        
    Support     Support  We're here for you.
    Our U.S.-based support team
    is ready to help. »       Personal From backing up family photos to restoring lost financials, drop us a line with questions. Get support »     Pro Tackle unexpected downtime head-on. Call when you need to get back up and running, fast. Get support »     Server Give us a call if you have questions about your server or database backup. Get support »           TALK TO US View directory »      Contact Us  Questions? Comments? In need of guidance? Contact our U.S.-based support team by phone or email.  Get a complete contact list »      New Customers Are you new to Carbonite, or in your free trial period? Pro & Server Plans Sales 855-227-2249 BusinessTeam@carbonite.com
         » Personal Plans Sales 877-222-5488 PersonalSales@carbonite.com
         »   Current Customers Are you a current Carbonite Customer in need of support?  
        Pro Plans Support   
        Server Plans Support   
        Personal Plans Support    Partners Are you a partner, or interested in becoming a partner? Partner Sales 877-391-4759 Contact Us » Partner Support Call 877-334-7603 or log in to your account to access support.
                  
    Try        Buy   
    Sign In   











Index/ Terms of Use/ privacy










 Privacy Policy 





 This Privacy Policy is subject to and incorporated into the terms of service (the "Terms") between You and Carbonite. You may access the Terms at www.carbonite.com or by clicking Terms. Capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy without definition have the meaning given to them in the Terms. By agreeing to the Terms and installing, accessing or using the Services, You are agreeing to this Privacy Policy and the terms contained herein. This Privacy Policy applies to Carbonite's collection and use of personally identifying information that Carbonite may gather when You contact us, visit our web site or purchase, license or use the Services. By installing, accessing or using the Services, You expressly consent to the collection, processing and use of Your personal information according to this Privacy Policy.  HOW CARBONITE USES INFORMATION Personal Information. Carbonite collects personal information relevant to Your subscription with Carbonite, including Your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information. This information collected will only be used by Carbonite in order to service Your account and in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Cookies and Other Technologies. Carbonite uses "cookies" and other technologies to collect data that enables us to better understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our website. Cookies are files sent to Your browser and stored on Your computer. If You do not want Carbonite to send cookies to Your browser, You can set Your browser options to reject cookies or notify You when a website tries to put a cookie into Your browser. Rejecting cookies may affect Your ability to use some features of the Services.  Carbonite also gathers general information about visits to our website, the files You have marked for backup, the configuration of Your computer, Your use and configuration of the Services, including, without limitation, performance metrics and configuration settings,  and Your computer's interaction with Carbonite. Carbonite may use this information without restriction in order to provide the Services, understand traffic and downloads on our website, provide You with technical support, improve the website and provide the best online experience possible for our customers.  Use of Your Personal Information. Carbonite will not sell Your personal information to third parties. Carbonite may, from time to time, share with You information about other services that we think You may find to be of interest. If You wish to change the types of communications You receive from us, You may do so by clicking on the appropriate "Manage Communications" link in Carbonite's e-mail communications to You or by e-mailing Your request to Carbonite at  customersupport@carbonite.com. Please note that opting-out of receiving promotional email will not affect receipt of service-related, transactional, or legal communication via email in accordance with the Terms. Carbonite will not view the contents of Your Account. Carbonite may view Your file system information (file folder names, file extensions, sizes etc., but not Your file contents) to provide incremental backups and file comparisons, quality control and technical support. Carbonite will not disclose Your personal information, including the contents of Your Account, to third parties unless disclosure is necessary to comply with the law. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Personal Information. You can update Your personal information by accessing the password-protected, web-based Carbonite administrative console by supplying Your valid login credentials or e-mailing Carbonite at  privacy@carbonite.com. REGARDING CHILDREN Carbonite is very concerned about protecting the privacy of children. Carbonite does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years old or knowingly distribute such information. Children under 13 are not permitted to use Carbonite's website, and we request that children under 13 not submit any personally identifiable information to Carbonite. If a child under 13 has provided Carbonite with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact Carbonite immediately at privacy@carbonite.com to delete this information from our files.  EUROPEAN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Carbonite has committed to handling personally identifiable information from users in the European Union and the European Economic Area in accordance with the European Union's Safe Harbor Principles and to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU Safe Harbor, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Carbonite, please visit the BBB EU Safe Harbor website at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint. Carbonite's self-certification on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor List can be found at http://export.gov/safeharbor.  To contact Carbonite's privacy officer, please email privacy@carbonite.com. 











   We're here for you 7 days a week  TALK TO US 8:30am - 9pm EST     Company  About Us Investor Relations Blog Contact Careers Refer A Friend   Support  Personal Plan Support Pro Plan Support Server Plan Support Agent   Plans  Learn Try Pricing FAQs    Partners  Become a Partner Find a Partner Partner Portal Affiliate Program    Terms  Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partner Agreement     © 2014 Carbonite, Inc. All rights reservedSitemap            















