




Your Privacy and The Register • The Register    























Cash'n'Carrion
Whitepapers
The Channel
The Platform































                    Data Center
                



                    Software
                



                    Networks
                



                    Security
                



                    Infrastructure
                



                    Business
                



                    Hardware
                



                    Science
                



                    Bootnotes
                



                    Forums
                



                    Weekend
                
















                            Alerts
                        



                            Newsletters
                        



                            Columnists
                        



                            Mobile
                        



                            Video
                        





Hands on with Windows Server 2016 Containers



The Honor's a defo gamechanger, but good luck buying one



Jailbreaking pirates popped in world's largest iCloud raid



Boffins unveil open source GPU







                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Data Networking
                        



                            Virtualization

                        



                            BOFH
                        





Hands on with Windows Server 2016 Containers



NVIDIA reveals GPUs for blade servers, Linux desktop support



Dropbox DROPS BOX as service GOES TITSUP worldwide



Startup BlueData in the green after pocketing millions from Intel et al







                            Operating Systems
                        



                            Applications
                        



                            Developer
                        



                            Verity Stob
                        





US trade watchdog deep-sixes patent infringement claim against Microsoft



Spaniard claims WWII WAR HERO pigeon code crack. Explain please



Win10 Insider build 10532: Avoid if you run Chrome 64-bit



New low for humanity: ONE BEELLION lost souls log on to Facebook in one day







                            Mobile
                        



                            Broadband
                        





US trade watchdog deep-sixes patent infringement claim against Microsoft



India, Myanmar lead the way as mobile bandwidth consumption mushrooms



Germany to fork out BEELLLIONS for farmers' broadband



Vodafone: Dammit Britain, your emergency services need 4G!








Jailbreaking pirates popped in world's largest iCloud raid



Ruskie ICS hacker drops nine holes in popular Siemens power plant kit



Linux Foundation releases PARANOID internal infosec guide



Boffins laugh at Play Store bonehead security with instant app checker







                            Converged
                        



                            Hybrid delivery
                        



                            Software-Defined
                        





The enterprise hardware market is growing. You read that right. Growing



Boffins promise file system that will NEVER lose data



Ten extreme data centres. OK...nine



Windows Server 2016 Preview 3 brings containers at last







                            Financial News
                        



                            Small Biz
                        



                            CIO
                        



                            Media
                        



                            Law
                        



                            Government
                        



                            Jobs
                        





Slip-streaming Tesla, Oz battery-maker plots home-biz launch



Company in shambles, marriages ruined. My work here is done, says Ashley Madison CEO



Baltimore lawyers vow to review 2,000 FBI Stingray snoop cases



Associated Press sues FBI for impersonating its site to install spyware







                            Laptops and Tablets
                        



                            Phones
                        



                            Games
                        





The Honor's a defo gamechanger, but good luck buying one



Boffins unveil open source GPU



NVIDIA reveals GPUs for blade servers, Linux desktop support



Honor 7 – heir apparent to the mid-range Android crown







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





NASA names New Horizons' next target



Don't go breaking my shrimp: Boffin names crustacean after Elton John's appendage



Boffins clock MONSTER BLACK HOLES inside quasar-hosting galaxy near Earth



Rosetta probe spots Comet 67P being buzzed by boulder








US to stage F-35-versus-Warthog bake-off in 2018



Google robo-car suffers brain freeze after seeing hipster cyclist



Vote now: Who can solve a problem like Ashley Madison?



The most tragic thing about the Ashley Madison hack? It was really 1% actual women









About



The Company





Your Privacy and The Register
What we do with your data






















Team Register




Team Register


                            Get email alert when this author posts
                        
Common Topics


Speaking In Tech,
                            

Cloud,
                            

Apple,
                            

Microsoft,
                            

Google


Recent Articles

Speaking in Tech: It's cold outside, so NASA starts a fire in Spaaace
Norks execute underperforming terrapin farm manager
Han Solo to get solo prequel flick in 2018, helmed by LEGO men





The Register is owned and operated by Situation Publishing Limited
Situation Publishing Limited

Unit 1

Portland Street Trading Estate

14 Portland Street

Southport

PR8 1LJ
The Register strongly believes in the importance of keeping readers' personal information personal. It will never use your information for any use beyond that stated or the permissions you give us.




The Register may collect, process and use your personal data (including your name, postal address, email address, telephone, mobile and fax numbers). We will do so to contact you regarding the services you have requested and/or to offer services to you, and/or to provide the services you have requested. This includes re-registration/renewal notifications, payment processing, surveys on improving our service to you and/or invitations to exhibitions, seminars and shows. The Register may employ trusted third party specialists to process and use your data on our behalf in order to deliver the products and services to you in a more efficient manner.
IP Addresses and Server Logs
The Register site does record IP addresses and produces server logs - as all Web Servers do. This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of readers. We do not use the information for tracking the activities of specific visitors to the site.
Cookies
The Register site sets cookies in order to help with the management of its advertising and to enable certain user features. Read all about our cookies, and how to manage them here.
Advertising
The Register runs advertising for a wide variety of organisations. These adverts are served from our advertising servers as well as from third-party advertising servers managed by the advertiser. Recent third-party ad servers include DoubleClick, Atlas DMT and MediaMind.
These ad servers may attempt to set cookies on your computer. All these sites stress that information gathered through these cookies is used purely for the purpose of advert delivery, recording and segmentation. They do not use information gathered through their cookies for their own use, and they do not collect any personally identifiable information.
The respective privacy policies of these ad servers can be found here:

DoubleClick Privacy Policy

DoubleClick also has a cookie opt-out facility here

Atlas DMT Privacy Policy


MediaMind Privacy Policy

If you encounter any problems with advertising please email ads@theregister.co.uk
Email and Online Forms
Readers who choose to subscribe to our headlines-by-email service, or complete any of our online forms, may be asked to supply personal data. If they choose to do so, that information is recorded and used for broad demographic information, which may be used to target advertising. If permission is granted, this information may be used to target specific users with occasional emails informing them about commercial services provided by The Register.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to send occasional emails containing offers from our partners. This will only ever be provided to readers who have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way.
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us. To alter the emails which you receive from us, including unsubscribing from all email communications, please visit this page. Make sure that you enter exactly the same e-mail address as you used to sign up.
Register journalists may use your email address to reply to comments that you have posted on our website.
Competitions
Readers who enter The Register competitions will be asked for some personal information, but only to allow us to judge the validity of their applications and to contact them should they be declared a competition winner.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to target specific users with commercial services provided by The Register.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to send occasional emails from The Register containing offers from our partners. This will only ever be provided to readers that have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way.
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us.
Mobile Apps
When using comments through The Register mobile apps, login details that are entered within the app are submitted to The Register’s servers and the IP address of all communication with the servers is logged. This IP information is used anonymously in aggregate for generating site statistics, and for ensuring our services are not abused. We do not process login information for any further purpose.
Publishing
We reserve the right to publish emails and letters sent to The Register. If the sender asks that that we don't reveal his or her identity, that information won't be published. We never publish a private email address unless specifically asked to do so by its owner.
Rackspace
Peer 1 hosts The Register's websites. It outlines its regulatory responsibilities here.
Data Protection
Anyone who provides The Register with personal information is given the opportunity to manage how that information is used. This includes opting out of any services and restricting the use of that information. You can do that by visiting this address or by contacting The data controller (Caroline Wilson).
Accessing your Data
Readers of The Register have certain rights under the UK's Data Protection Acts. You can, for instance, ask to be told what information we hold about you in our databases. The Register will provide you with all of the details that we hold about you, both online and offline, upon request.
The Register reserves the right to charge a £10 administration fee for this process. If you would like to request this information please use the contact details below.
Changes to this Policy
As statutory and online requirements change so this policy document may change. Any changes will be highlighted across the site to ensure that all readers have the opportunity to respond to these changes.
Contacting Situation Publishing Data Controller
If you wish to contact Situation Publishing Limited regarding any aspect of the Privacy Policy you should use the following contact details:
By Post
The Data Controller

Situation Publishing Limited

Unit 1 Portland Street Trading Estate

14 Portland Street

Southport PR8 1LJ
By Email

cwilson@sitpub.com





                        Tips and corrections
                    





Whitepapers



10 ways wire data helps conquer IT complexity

                    IT teams can automatically detect problems across the IT environment, spot data theft, select unique pieces of transaction payloads to send to a data source, and more.
                



Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand

                    Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands.
                



IBM Security Network Protection

                    Help identify and protect against threats, provide critical insight into network activities and enable granular application control.
                



Use actionable threat intelligence to protect your digital business

                    Key characteristic of actionable threat intelligence and learn how to maximize threat intelligence to protect your digital business from targeted cyber-attacks.
                





Most read




Boffins clock MONSTER BLACK HOLES inside quasar-hosting galaxy near Earth
                





Dropbox DROPS BOX as service GOES TITSUP worldwide
                





In redneck heaven, internet outages are the American Way
                





So, was it really the Commies that caused the early 20th Century inequality collapse?
                





US trade watchdog deep-sixes patent infringement claim against Microsoft
                





Spotlight




Storage boosters: Six mSATA format SSDs on test





Channel surfers and the irresistible rise of Content Delivery Networks





DDN: Quicker storage access passes HPC buck to CPU makers





Scrapheap challenge: How Amazon and Google are dumbing down the gogglebox





Why is the smart home insecure? Because almost nobody cares





Perhaps the AIpocalypse ISN'T imminent – if Google Translate is anything to go by, that is





Why Nobody Should Ever Search The Ashley Madison Data








Your smartphone can be a 3D scanner, say boffins





Prof Hawking cracks riddle of black holes – which may be portals to other universes



Sponsored links

Cloud Challenged? Get EMC Software-Defined Object Storage
Storage Worries? Get EMC Scale-Out Block Storage
Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts








Follow us
























More content

Newsletters
Top 20 stories
Week’s headlines
Archive
eBooks
Webcasts



About us

Privacy
Company info
Advertise with us
Syndication
Send us news tips



The Register

                Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2015


            

                Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, Edinburgh, San Francisco and Sydney.
            


















